Clarify the router alert flags and relationship to the ConsIngress/egress fields (#57)
scionassociation/scion-dp_I-D: draft-dekater-scion-dataplane.md

- `I`: The Ingress Router Alert flag. If this has value "1", the ingress router SHOULD process the L4 payload in the packet.
- `E`: The Egress Router Alert flag. If this has value "1", the egress router SHOULD process the L4 payload in the packet.
- `ExpTime`: Expiration time of a Hop Field. This field is 1-byte long, and the expiration time specified in this field is relative. An absolute expiration time in seconds is computed in combination with the `Timestamp` field (from the corresponding Info Field), as follows:

  - `Timestamp` + (1 + `ExpTime`) * (3600/256)

- `ConsIngress`, `ConsEgress`: The 16-bits ingress/egress interface IDs in construction direction, that is, the direction of beaconing.
- `MAC`: The 6-byte Message Authentication Code to authenticate the Hop Field. For details on how this MAC is calculated, see [](#hf-mac-overview).

The Ingress Router (respectively Egress Router) is the router owning the Ingress interface (respectively, Egress interface) when the packet is traveling in the *construction direction* of the path segment (i.e. the direction of beaconing). When the packet is traveling in the opposite direction, the meanings are reversed.

> Processing the L4 payload in the packet means that the router will treat the payload of the packet as a message to itself and parse it according to the value of the `NextHdr` field. Such messages include [Traceroute Requests](#traceroute-request)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Router alert flags work similarly to {{RFC2711}} and allow a sender to address a specific router on the path without knowing its address. Processing the L4 payload in the packet means that the router will treat the payload of the packet as a message to itself and parse it according to the value of the `NextHdr` field. Such messages include [Traceroute Requests](#traceroute-request)
```

> A sender cannot rely on multiple routers retrieving and processing the payload even if it sets multiple router alert flags. This is use-case dependent: In the case of traceroute informational messages, for example, the router for which the traceroute request is intended will process the request (if the corresponding Router Alert flag is set to "1") and reply to it without further forwarding the request along the path. Use cases that require multiple routers/hops on the path to process a packet SHOULD rely on a hop-by-hop extension (see [](#ext-header)). For general information on router alerts, see {{RFC2711}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting multiple router alert flags on a path SHOULD be avoided. This is because the router for which the corresponding Router Alert flag is set to "1" may process the request without further forwarding it along the path. Use cases that require multiple routers/hops on the path to process a packet SHOULD rely on a hop-by-hop extension (see [](#ext-header)).
```
